replace 'status' with 'response' where needed (#547)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/contributing/building-a-new-adapter.md

</File>

#### get_response(cls, cursor)

> get_response is a classmethod that gets a cursor object and returns the status of the last executed command. The return value is one of the values returned from `execute()` and is logged. You can just return 'OK' or similar if your database does not provide status.

Reviewer: I realized there is a subtle distinction to make here:
```suggestion
get_response is a classmethod that gets a cursor object and returns adapter-specific information about the last executed command. Ideally, the return value is an `AdapterResponse` object that includes items such as `code`, `rows_affected`, `bytes_processed`, and a summary `_message` for logging to stdout. Or, get_response can just return a string `'OK'` if your connection cursor does not provide richer metadata.
```
The basic implementation below still works, so just a simple rename there is fine
